hi you guys and welcome back to my
Channel today I am going to do a review
on an item that I received in my Ipsy
bag for the month of August and that is
the Michael Todd true organics pumpkin
mask it's actually Michael Todd true
organics pumpkin nutrient-rich facial
mask and this is obviously the sample
size of it and I wanted to do a review
on it only because I know that on
YouTube a lot of the group the Guru's
that are on YouTube are well so they say
they're not sponsor in my opinion that's
I get a little kind of weary about that
so I wanted to do a review on this
product that I received from Ipsy so I
did pay for it in my Ipsy bag just my
own personal real review for you guys so
this is obviously the sample size this
is a 30 milliliter or one fluid ounce of
the product I've used this four times
I've used it enough to be able to give
you guys a really good review of my
thoughts and my opinions on this product
so first just let's go before I give you
my thoughts on it I'll tell you about it
so what it is is it's a facial mask and
it's pumpkin and actually pulled it up
on ipad really clip this mask smells so
much like fresh pumpkin that you will
think it's Thanksgiving I'm just going
to read right from their website first
and then I'll talk to you guys about it
and exfoliant lovers will give thanks
that tingle is the pumpkin enzyme
combined with glycolic acid to go down
to go to town on your skin's flaws
dissolving impurities like dead skin and
clogged poured it adds brightness and
radiance to the skin and significantly
improves the appearance of fine lines
and wrinkles over a single use and what
this does also is the key to clear
to unclog pores and these masks will
with using glycolic acid helps really
unclog pores so you've heard that you
know you can use an exfoliator like an
actual gritty exfoliator
microdermabrasion and what those do is
those X fully just the surface of your
skin but when you have an enzyme or a
ask acidic mask that exfoliates
underneath the surface of your skin so
you have your microdermabrasion that
just takes off thus the surface layers
of your skin and then you have your
chemical masks which our glycolic acid
enzyme masks that go deeper into several
layers of your skin underneath so that's
why when you go to a salon and get a
microdermabrasion they usually do like
the devil with microderm and then a
chemical peel which is it's that appeal
so much as it is a like a acidic mask
that goes deeper than just the surface
that you micro exfoliated so with that
being said this has like I colic acid so
first impressions I'm going to put some
of my hand so I've uses four times and
there's so much still in this tube guys
I could probably use it for like another
couple months before even having to
purchase it this is what it looks like
when it comes out of the tube it looks
like pumpkin puree and it smells like
pumpkin puree so if you do not like the
scent of pumpkin it cannot stand pumpkin
pie or pumpkin scented candles this this
smells like canned pumpkin I don't find
pumpkin offensive so I'm okay with this
but if you do find the strong super
strong scent of pumpkin offensive this
is not for you it does have some kind of
like almost like grainy pieces in it um
I wonder if I can show you guys if I can
see if you can see up close it does have
some like grainy pieces to it and of
course I'm putting this right over a
swatch so don't mind the line right
there just look inside the the grainy
pieces
when you're rubbing it on your face you
want to kind of layer it just a really
even layer doesn't have to be super
thick but this is probably what your
face is going to look like because this
is what my face looks like when I put
this on and then immediately what you're
gonna feel is this tingling almost like
I'm not going to say burning but it is
definitely a tingle and a slight
stinging it depends on how much sun
damage you have on your face how
sensitive your skin is this is
recommended for all skin types except
sensitive skin because of the glycolic
acid if you have sensitive skin this is
gonna burn you you are gonna it's gonna
it's gonna hurt and you don't want it to
hurt so they recommend you put it on
your skin for 5 to 10 minutes and then
take it off you can leave it on longer
it's not going to do any better or worse
if you leave it on in other than 10
minutes but if you notice your skin is
just like it hurts to be on your skin
you might want to take it off like in
the five minutes don't keep leaving it
on your skin will look a little red
after you take it off if your skin is
reacting to the glycolic acid but what I
notice when I first put it on is
obviously the smell secondly the
stinging tingling on my skin where it's
almost you can feel it kind of just
stinging a little bit the sting goes
away and then the smell kind of link it
goes away too once it's kind of like on
your skin then after it's on your skin
for five to ten minutes you you wash it
off using either a lukewarm water cool
water after I wash this off of my skin I
immediately notice that my skin is like
almost squeaky it feels so good and I
definitely noticed that the pores on my
nose and my cheeks are smaller I have
huge ginormous poor
so I do notice that those pores are
smaller my skin does have like a
radiance and I don't know if it's the
radiance because the beta-carotene and
the pumpkin kind of stains your skin
it's almost like when you eat a lot of
carrots and the finger your fingertips
turn kind of orange what if that happens
to you guys but it happens to me if I
like a ton of carrots because I love
carrots but um so I don't know if the
glow is from the beta-carotene in the
pumpkin or it's just from the glycolic
acid kind of sloughing away sloughing
slowing sliding away those dead skin
cells to kind of really reveal the
brighter face but this is really awesome
it says the side effects of glycolic
acid may include a cape may include
occasional mild irritation and sun
sensitivity and if it can if irritation
occurs you should stop using this
product or minimize the use you
definitely want to wear sunscreen after
using this open on the website for 3.4
fluid ounces $34 but I know that I've
seen and you've seen from all of those
youtubers that are talking about Michael
talk products is that there are coupon
codes and I'm not going to include one
in here because I'm not sponsored or
affiliated I don't know any coupon codes
you could just do a Google search or do
a youtube search because I'm sure
there's plenty out there but I know that
from what I've read from other youtubers
is that there's like a twenty percent
off coupon code so go find one if you're
really interested I actually am really
interested I want to try some of the
other products because I'm a big fan of
this one I love I've used it like I said
four times now and I love the way it
makes my skin feel I feel that it
actually is improving the texture of my
skin so I'm going to keep using this I
just like the way it feels on my skin
that the tingling and stinging that the
glycolic acid is kind of
like breaking up all the dirt and grime
and stuff in my pores and just yeah so
I'm going to keep using this and I'm
going to look for other products so this
is my review of the michael todd pumpkin
mask that i received in my FC bag and
it's honest and my opinion if you have
really sensitive skin if you have a lot
of like not cystic acne but i would
think that if you have a lot of like
open acne sores this might not be for
you that might hurt a lot because of the
acid that's in it so i would recommend
not using it if you have a lot of any
open lesions on your face or yeah
because or really sensitive skin if a
lot of products like bother your skin um
yeah so that's my review I hope you guys
found this very helpful I tried to be
very honest with you and let me know if
you like this if you like my reviews on
items if you have anything you want me
to go over in review like I said I'm
always up for like skin care stuff
because I have really bad skin oily acne
prone aging skin so let me know if you
have any items that you'd want me to
review and thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you next time in
my next video